
Check for line numbers why not populated






Avoid XML Collisions

Avoid defining schema (XSD) or WSDL components with the same qualified names in the same module. Doing so may result in XML collisions at the module level.
If, for some reason, you need to define schema or WSDL components with the same qualifies names, then define the schema or WSDL components in separate shared modules.








--Instead of passing a large set of data to Call process every time use Job Shared variable. Which increase the performance. DONE

--Instead of JMS Queue Requestor use JMS Queue Sender and Wait for JMS Actives. Boz JMS queue requestor open a new primary thread.



//ToDo: MultipleTransitionCheck - Need to fix this issue...for groups there will always be multiple transitions converging as done a fix for Checkpoint in transaction for which GroupStart = GroupEnd = GroupName

//Project Complexity and CodeQuality is hardcoded in Metrics widget

REMOVE project complexity and code quality from bw metrics and add it in other widgets








Working with Critical Section Groups

Critical Section groups and shared locks can be used to synchronize access to shared variables.

A Critical Section group allows only one process instance to execute the Critical Section group and its contents at a time. 
Use a Critical Section group to contain the activities that access the shared variables, Set Shared Variable and Get Shared Variable. 
Once a process instance begins executing a Critical Section group, other concurrently running process instances that are associated with 
that Critical Section group wait at the start of the group until the currently running process instance exits the Critical Section group. 
This ensures that the value of the shared variable is not modified while another process instance is accessing it. 
See Bindings and Palettes Reference > Basic Activities Palette > Critical Section for more information about using Critical Section 
groups and shared locks.

Best Practices
Critical section groups cause multiple process instances to wait for one process instance to execute the activities in the group. 
As a result, there may be performance implications when using these groups. When creating critical section groups, use the following guidelines to
 avoid potential performance issues:
Keep the duration of a Critical Section group as short as possible. That is, put only a very few activities in a Critical Section group, and only
 use activities that execute very quickly.
Avoid nesting Critical Section groups. If you must use nesting, ensure that Lock shared configuration resources are used in the same order in all
 process definitions. Deadlocks can occur if you do not specify the Lock resources in the same order in nested Critical Section groups for all 
 process definitions.
Do not include any activities that wait for incoming events or have long durations, such as Request/Reply activities, Wait For, Sleep, or other 
activities that require a long time to execute.